Allow to use Regex for keyword (#25)
ZeWaka/KeywordLabeler: README.md

# Determines if label matching is case sensitive (optional). Defaults to true.
caseSensitive: false

> # By default, the keyword labeler look for title/body containing a given word.
> # It can create false positif like "fix" being found in "fixture".
> # You can use regex instead to reduce those false positif. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# By default, the labeler looks for a specific string phrase.
# Therefore, this can create false positives like "fix" being found in "fixture".
# You can use regex instead to reduce those false positives. Defaults to false.
```
